                                                            Peace Corps 
                                                Striving to make a world better place

                                    
          We are Peace Corps. We are striving to make this god's own Earth a better place. Our vision resonantes with the ideology of having utopia on Earth. We at peace corps want to eliminate chaotic substrates form our civilized society by enforcing them and eliminating it. We identify as a PMC~private military contractor.
          We sell and provide our priviledged dealers and buyers premium quality defense equipments. We have crossed $113 M in gross Profit this financial Year. This financial year 22-23 our sales grew from 4.3% from dealer to buyer supply chain to 17.7% from dealer to dealer negotiation channels and end to end buyers maintanance shafts. As now all know our capital got hit when panama papers leaked. We draind approx $700M in this chaos of banks incapability to hold our capital. We shifted our operations completely on blockchain payments method. We accept USDT as crypto due to it's lesser volatile nature and mimicking USD currency. We hold dealer to dealer negotiation channels twice annually. This ensures our small buyers don't get played around by the monopoly this defense giants hold. Our capital and monetary conserving facilities are situated at Koulbi Natural Forest, Burakin Faso.

         We provide affordable and quality equipments then this defense giants offer. We provide better technology than Lockheed Martin for the jets. This are manufactured and designed by our in-house systems introduced by Rogue Ex-Swedish engineers. We provide top notch missile technology and hardware as a packages better then Raytheon Tech Inc does.
         We provide strong Soviet tanks and armoured vehicles better than this Western glorified front does. We provide Private Army trained in Chechnya. This Chechns are tactical and lethal then any combat personnel. We auction our and buy submarines. This submarines are capable to take out multiple fleets of security bridges in any kind kind of depths of oceans human kind explored. We provide military satellites and will launch for you in sub-orbits anonymously. Our satellites designs are mimicked by Northrop Grumman.

         We trust our end to end negotiators and their channel of intialization. We are based at Chisinau, Moldova. We operate our operations Moldova. Our army is trained by great Warlord Ramzan Kadyrov. Their camps are situated at Guatemela and Ivory Coast. Our arms manufacturing facilities are situated at Rawalpindi, Pakistan and Kholopenichi, Belarus. We have our radioactive third party vendors markets at La Esmeralda, Uruguay.

        We want to fullfil your vision. As we the elite ones have hunger for power and authorities over weak minds. We will help you by providing support with enough heat to start civil war in any part of the world. We have Warlords and rebels in contact to burn your sins over this lands of unpriviledged wicked bunch of crowds. You can overthrow the government by military coup assisted by us. We fund over 19 countries political parties in Asia Pacific and Latin America regions to establish supporting elements in the region. We are able to have artificially made famines to destabilize the system. We can save your dictatorship by silencing repulsing elements. We provide security to your facilities. We have local smuggling channels established to smuggle metals as gold and diamonds.

       We support peace and humanity in this beautiful world. Join our campaign and acquire the best suited defence and security elements from us.